#Example Support Files folder#
This folder collects various files and archives to support the SmartServer IoT examples.  
1. The file **ApolloDevDrf_1_08.zip** contains the IzoT Reource Files for development examples. User types and profiles supporting walkthrough examples.  The file set reports version 1.08 at this time that define user types and profiles used in these examples.  This file will change over time. At this point reports as version 1.08.  You need to unzip to a folder on your developmet PC (Windows only supported) and unzip to this folder `C:\Users\Public\Documents\LonWorks\Types\Echelon`  The folder must be added to the IzoT Resource File editor catalog.  These resources are exist in other forms that are included in the **Dsp SP Controller Example** tree.
2. **Multisensor_Example.dtp** - A Device Type Package that can be imported directly into the CMS using the Device or Device Type widgets.  Supports EVB 5000 and EVB 6050 target devices.
3. **Multisensor_ImageFiles.zip** - An archive of application download and XIF files for the Multisensor example application.  The .ndl files may be used by nodeuitl or nodeload.  The .apb file can be loaded using the CMS, or IzoT CT.  For completeness, the XIF files for the FT 5000 and FT 6050 EVBs are also in this archive.
4. **UI Test Target App.zip** - An VS Code/Node.js example of an Internal Lon Device used for web page development example.
5. **uiTestTarget.dtp** - The device type packaged you must import in the SmartServer CMS before setting up the example to run on the SmartServer IoT.